Checklist for doing a release:

    - Run regression tests in as many Emacsen as possible.  Make sure
      there are no failures.

    - Proofread manual.

    - Update ChangeLog.  Since C-x v a no longer works, use the new
      Python Update.py script to generate the raw text to stdout.
      Manually paste this into ChangeLog, then proofread.  Update.py
      could definitely be improved.

    - Add `Release 5.xx' tag to ChangeLog using C-x a.  Release.py
      script looks for this.

    - Distill changes for NEWS file.

    - Proofread and update ANNOUNCEMENT, MANIFEST, NEWS, README for
      the new release.

    - Run the Release.py script to create all the tarballs and
      documentation: ./Release.py --package --docs XX

      XX is the minor revision number of the new release.

      This creates the following files in Distrib:
          cc-mode-5.XX.rmslb.tar.gz
          cc-mode-5.XX.tar.gz
          ChangeLog.gz
          cc-mode.dvi.gz
          cc-mode.ps.gz
          cc-mode.rev.ps.gz
          cc-mode.info.tar.gz
          cc-mode.html.tar.gz

      The first is the tarball to be sent to RMS + SLB for Emacs and
      XEmacs respectively.  They contain only the files that are
      necessary for those releases.  However, I typically don't send
      them stuff until they see the Net announcements and ask for the
      files.  This lets them sync our releases up to their own release 
      cycle.

      RMS: Richard Stallman <rms@gnu.org>
      SLB: Steve Baur <steve@xemacs.org>

    - Send cc-mode-5.20.rmslb.tar.gz and the ChangeLog entries for
      XX-1 to XX to RMS.  Sent just the tarball to SLB.  (see note
      above).

    - Copy the Distrib files (except *.rmslb.*) to the Web site.

    - Unpack copies of cc-mode-5.XX.tar.gz, cc-mode.info.tar.gz,
      cc-mode.html.tar.gz, for Web access.

    - Create symbolic links 

	cc-mode.tar.gz -> cc-mode-5.XX.tar.gz
	cc-mode -> cc-mode-5.XX

    - Update the Web page, using distilled changes from the
      ANNOUNCEMENT file.

    - Send ANNOUNCEMENT file to cc-mode-announce@python.org

    - Post ANNOUNCEMENT to the following newsgroups:
	gnu.emacs.sources
	comp.emacs.xemacs
	comp.emacs
	comp.lang.c
	comp.lang.c++
	comp.lang.objective-c
	comp.lang.java.programmer
	comp.object.corba

    - Tag the release using "./Release.py --tag XX" where XX is the
      number used above.  If you find a problem in the released
      tarball, retag using -T option.  Very important!  Make sure the
      tag is set before doing the bump (next step).

    - Bump the current release by running "./Release.py --bump XX+1"
      Do not do this until the previous release has been tagged, and
      only do this as a last step!

    - You're now ready to start hacking the next version.
